 The fire crackles gently as you doze in your usual armchair at the tavern. This is the Retired Adventurers Arms, a resting place for heroes both famous and forgotten. Perhaps not as lively as the city's other watering holes, where rambunctious young travelers drink, jostle and sing about their most recent deeds obtaining wealth and glory. Nevertheless, the Retired Adventurers Arms was a place steeped in the storytelling of great deeds, albeit ones from times gone by...


The short figure of man a moves towards the fire, it's the blonde one whose name you don't recall. Usually a hero's retirement is spent boasting of his mastery with an aray of weapons. His cunning in solving puzzles and avoiding traps. Or that time he saved the princess and the entire kingdom. But this hero, if he was that, shared no stories. In fact he never spoke at all...


His eyes light up at the prospect of your support in the matter, whatever that turns out to be. The note becomes unignorably conspicuous as you lift the coin purse and count the contents thereof. Your slight companion could never have been the physically imposing type. Especially so now, in his twilight years. Yet something in his ardent blue-eyed gaze compels you to make good on your promise. Not out of fear, but something else. As comical and harmless as this tiny, pointy-eared specimen of a might-have-been-hero seemed, he had the ineffible quality of being the most reliable man you had ever met. someone who could indeed be trusted to save a princess, or a kingdom, or both. Perhaps he has stories to tell after all...


Your conpanion stares intently as you skim over the contents of the note...   --To whom it may concern... need your help... very thankful... chronical of forgotten adventures apparently recorded by his girlfriend or someone similar... etc etc--   In a time when the deeds of heros are remembered by thier boasting, the past of a non-verbal adventurer seems doomed to be forgotten. In any case, the finding of a long lost book would start with speaking to a librarian... 


The Arms being situated, as it is, in the furthur reaches of town, means the path to the city library won't necessarily a safe one. Particularly for the elderly. Passing through the dank alleyways and along the city wall is likely to attract the attention of undesirables. Unfortunately for them, years of high-end adventuring experience waits poised on the other end of this blade. nonetheless, now seems like a good time double-check your equipment...


Inside you find the librarian, but before you can explain your quest to him he interupts you with a completely unrelated question so we can test another game feature. He explains that his question represents the untimate test of the 'open question' feature...


Delighted that that feature worked so well the librarian ignores your desire to procede with your quest and begins celebrating. Before he is finished a Gobiln jumps through the window and attempts to abduct him... 


You are victorious! But as you look around, through the broken window you see more Goblins escaping across the yard. The librarian lies dead. It dawns on you that this was not merely an inconveniently timed assult on a hapless librarian. But the answers have already escaped over the wall. The slain Goblin bears the crest of its clan. Only a single clue, but perhaps enough to begin with...


Wandering the city streets...